app/vmctl: fix performance degradation, add flag to disable backoff policy (#4097)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: app/vmctl/README.md

  requests retries: 0;
2023/03/02 09:22:06 Total time: 3.633127625s
```

> In case when retries with backoff policy is unneeded `--vm-native-disable-retries` command line flag can be used.

Reviewer: Could you describe cases when disabling retries might help?
It is better to describe such cases so that users will understand benefits and penalties of using this flag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The retries policy is designed for big datasets and may have significant time- and network-resource-overhead for small datasets (e.g. a few MB) which comprise many metrics (e.g. more than hundred). In such cases `--vm-native-disable-retries` command line flag can be used.
```

Author: added information about benefits and penalties of the retries policy

When this flag is set to `true`, `vmctl` skips additional call to the `api/v1/label/__name__/values` API and starts
migration process by making calls to the `/api/v1/export` and `api/v1/import`. If some errors happen `vmctl` immediately
stops the migration process.

```
./vmctl vm-native --vm-native-src-addr=http://127.0.0.1:8481/select/0/prometheus \
  --vm-native-dst-addr=http://127.0.0.1:8428 \
  --vm-native-filter-match='{__name__!=""}' \
  --vm-native-filter-time-start='2023-04-08T11:30:30Z' \

>   --vm-native-disable-backoff-policy=true  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --vm-native-disable-retries=true
```
